Added an exmaple SVG favicon to readme (#14)
ably-labs/ably-labs-template-repo: README.md

4. Update [dependabot.yml](.github/dependabot.yml) with the [configuration for your project](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/supply-chain-security/keeping-your-dependencies-updated-automatically/configuration-options-for-dependency-updates).
5. Replace `https://github.com/ably-labs/ably-labs-template-repo/issues` with the actual link of the repo in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.
6. Update this README so it provides enough information for people to understand how it works, how to run it locally and how it can be deployed to the cloud (see [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-readmes)).
7. Update the query string in the static asset link:
  - For the logo at the bottom of this README and

>   - Please use a cusom `favicon` that uses the ably static asset endpoint `<link rel="icon" type="image/svg+xml" href="https://static.ably.dev/motif-red.svg?lorem-ipsum" />` and ensure this uses the same unique identifier as the Ably logo on the README.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Please use a custom `favicon` if you're creating a web app. The favicon should use the ably static asset endpoint `<link rel="icon" type="image/svg+xml" href="https://static.ably.dev/motif-red.svg?lorem-ipsum" />` and ensure this uses the same unique identifier as the Ably logo on the README.
```
